I built a droid so I'm making all these
multi-coloured Kyber crystals and I
thought to myself how can I sort these
in the most ridiculously over
complicated way possible and then I got
sent a robot for free provided that I
feature in the video here comes the
sponsor build so I took a break from my
other projects and I put together all
these parts are pre-cut in these acrylic
plastic slabs with adhesive backing the
pieces are pretty easy to punch out but
I had to use a marshmallow skewer to get
out the tiny little punch holes for the
screws and joints once I've done that
I've killed off the backing and began to
assemble it I tried to do this one panel
at a time because there are a lot of
small parts and I don't want to lose any
I'm actually glad that they sent them
still in the thing because that would be
a legitimate concern otherwise I even
went so far as to save little hole
punches in a tiny jar I have no idea
when I'm gonna use them for I don't know
maybe rivets on a retro steampunk
lightsaber I really know hey that's
something if any of you have any advice
on what I could use these things for let
me know I was all set to use my own
Allen wrenches but the kid actually came
with its own tools which I thought was
pretty cool this build can be a bit
intimidating but there are detailed
instructions on the site both in picture
format and in a very long form video
that is not in English I mean it's all
visual so you know I could get it I
recommend scanning through the video
first honestly even just reading through
the pages of sketches to the end before
you start would be a huge help it's a
motor for each access I had to stand
some of the motor fittings just a little
bit in order to get them to slide
together you really don't want to force
anything this delicate I did that as I
was screwing one of these fittings
together and it snapped its acrylic
plastic not vibranium but I was able to
easily reattach it with superglue and
one of the many many punch pieces so
it's kind of hard to visualize what
you're building until it all goes
together but it helps to think of it
like a little crane or even like a human
arm some of the pull rods or like the
muscles the Arduino board was by far the
most difficult part of this build
actually the main reason why I accepted
this sponsored build this sort of videos
a little out of character for me I get
sponsored requests all the time and I
don't think that they relate to what I
do in some way I'm just not gonna do
them but as a creator I'm constantly
looking to improve and diversify my
skills and I feel that soldering is an
area where I fall short most my
soldering experience has been in using
it as ballast
my profs have a realistic way and even
then I rarely do that because if you're
gonna ship something to someone you want
it to be as light as possible so yeah
it's an area where I need to improve on
which is why I did this anyway the kit
comes with one complete board and one
that you have to assemble they have to
sit on top of each other so if you do
this make sure that the connections line
up I did have to go back and clean up
some of my solder connection to get it
to work right okay now for a product
review I think this is a great product
if you have a need for this sort of
robot like if you're a production
designer and you're creating a mad
scientist lab setup perhaps or if you
need simple realistic inner workings
that you're gonna redress in like a Star
Wars type a project that I've wanted to
do in the future involves building
something kind of like those automobile
assembly line robots and I don't want to
invest a lot of time and money in that
if I have no idea what I'm doing so I
figured this would be good practice for
that because it's essentially the same
type of thing just on a smaller scale
does it also be a great product if your
robotics enthusiasts or coding
enthusiasts you can either be controlled
via these knobs on the side or by
computer does shake a little bit as most
robots do so it does need to be locked
down there are extra holes in it
specifically for that purpose I used
them to attach it to this piece of scrap
wood and that was more than enough
honestly I think that might be overkill
you could use clothespins to attach it
to a heavy book and that would do the
same thing but I do think it's something
that I should mention I will say that
since there is some soldering involved
maybe make sure you have some practice
soldering circuit boards before you take
on this sort of project but otherwise it
was a fun little experience there was
this one part left over but I'm sure
it's not important
hey everyone you'll find links to this
product in the description down below we
get back to making regular props now
regular prop is anything I do regular
regular props
alright that was the sponsor video
please send me an idea builder thanks
for watching everybody Jake out
[Music]